[ENH] Update client telemetry for developer cloud (#2785)
chroma-core/chroma: docs/docs.trychroma.com/pages/telemetry.md

- Chroma version and environment details (e.g. OS, Python version, is it running in a container, or in a jupyter notebook)
- Usage of embedding functions that ship with Chroma and aggregated usage of custom embeddings (we collect no information about the custom embeddings themselves)

> - Client interactions with our hosted Chroma Cloud service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If clients are interacting with our hosted Chroma Cloud service.
```
